In Return of the Ancients,
we're adding a set of challenges
for the first time in a PoE 2 league.
Every two challenges you complete will
earn you a piece of the
Knight of Aldur armor set,
so they're definitely worth trying to complete.
To check your progress and see
what you need to complete a challenge,
press 'H' to open the challenges screen.
There are eight challenges in total,
and they range from fairly easy
to quite difficult.
To complete "The Rune Finder" you
will need to find remnants
with large amounts of slots
and use them to craft new items.
Seven-slot builds can
be very challenging with six waves of enemies,
so attempting these fights
requires some skill.
During the campaign,
there are many optional bosses.
To complete "The Hunter",
you will have to hunt six more.
The last two, Akthi, the Last Stinger
and Anundr, the Sandworm,
can be difficult to find,
as they are in The Crossroads of Khari.
To find them, follow the dry riverbed.
You'll find its sand at the end.
The Ascendant requires you to earn all eight points
of your ancestry class
by completing ancestry tests.
Getting the final set of points
can be very challenging.
You can kill Zarokh on the fourth
level of the Trial of the Sekhemas
or defeat the Master of Trials
by finding the three keys.
Of the two, the Test of Chaos will
take you much longer to
complete the test many times,
but the Test of the Sekhemas
is more challenging,
so you will have to decide which
of the two paths you will take.
"The reliquary" is simple.
Identify 50 different unique objects.   Are
you having trouble finding unique items?
Jado, the Atlas Master, has
many skills focused on finding them.
To complete "The Craftsman"
you will need to use several
different crafting objects.  They
all come from remnant encounters.
For "The Cartographer"
you will have to assign the entire Atlas tree.
The 300 nodes.
You can do it slowly by completing
all the maps inside the fortress,
but there is another way.
Each time you defeat the Arbiter of Divinity,
you will automatically complete
a large section of the fortress.
Find keys to this fight
by exploring the Citadels in the Atlas.  They
all have large, bright beams,
so you'll be able to see them in the fog.
After facing him four times,
you will be able to complete the entire fortress.
And last but not least
, "The Victor".
This challenge requires you to kill
three final bosses,
the toughest fights in the game.
Tangmazu,
the Bodach
and the Kulemak Vessel.
These are the final bosses of the
Delirium, Ritual, and Abyss leagues,
so you'll need to complete
three quest lines for this challenge.
However, there is something important about
Kulemak's Vessel,
and that is that you must defeat it
while it has its full strength.
This means risking the item
during the boss fight by
pulling back the finger and defeating it afterwards.
As I said before, for
every two challenges you complete,
you'll get pieces of the armor set,
so you don't have to complete them
to get some rewards.
But if you do, you'll be able to show off your feat,
because everyone in the global chat and
forums will be able to see how many challenges you've completed.
You'll also get this
totem decoration for your lair,
meaning
those who trade with you
will be able to see that you were there
and defeated the league.
Try to complete these challenges and more on
May 29 in Return of the Ancients.
Thanks for watching the video, see you there.